Built using ChatGpt

Menu Bar

1. I imported an icon from the font Awesome Library created a paragraph for the icon and a paragraph called maput. Used a div container on both paragraph and named it class of logo1.

2. I changed the restuarant name from logo to mamaputonline and used h1 as the tag. 

3. I used a class of logo to classify both h1 and logo1 into same container. I made it a display of flex, justify content of center, align item of center, a gap of 1rem and a font-size of .5rem.

4. I made menu bar subtitles responsive when clicked, by using id on the h2 and # on the anchor tag header.

5. I made the menu bar subtitle deep red when hovered on.

6. For the search box, i changed the outline from white to none.

Hero Section

7. I added an image on the hero section.

8. Changed the tag from h1 to h2 on the hero section. Edit the text it generated to a new one. I also editted the paragraph tag.

9. Changed the colour on the call to action button from orange to dark blue colour.

10. Changed the hero section from 70vh to 70%.

Side Bar

11. I changed the colour on the side bar.

14. I made the side bar responsive when clicked and changed the hover colour.

15. I reduced the side bar from 100% screen size to 40% on mobile screen sizes.

Products

16. I added respective images to the product cards, that i have already prompt.

17. I changed the object fit, from cover to contain.

18. Changed the button colours from red to dark blue and the hover effect dark red. 

19. Made the product section, the main section.

Services

20. Changed the colours from dark red to deep blue.

21. I labeled the Services section on HTML.

Customer Services

22. Changed the colours from dark red to deep blue.

23. I labeled the customer service section on HTML. 

24. I removed customer services from the service section and created aseparate section for it. 

Contact-Us

24. I editted the address

25. Made the contact section a flex and justify center, align center, to properly position it.

Footer

26. Changed the footer colour from deep red to deep blue.

